GTAcampuS is an Android application (supports GINGERBREAD or later versions) intended for students and is developed basically for Aakash Tablets.[Aakash](http://aakashlabs.org/) is a low cost computing device/tablet for students, the project is initiated and funded by MHRD, Govt. of India. Aakash already runs Android 4.2 with many educational apps developed at IIT Bombay. GTAcampuS provides an easy to use interface and is specially developed for making the day to day life of a student more easy. I have tried to make the user's experience simple and elegant.

This initial version of the application is mounted with an attendance management system, group messaging and lot of other features. This application will make alerts before the class hours, on making alert application will provide options like ‘SNOOZE’, ‘ON THE WAY’ & ‘BUNK’. If the student dismiss the alert with the 'ON THE WAY' option then the application will turn off the alert volumes of the device and will switch the device to silent mode automatically which will be restored back to normal state after the class time. If ‘BUNK’ is selected then bunk-o-meter database of the application will be updated and the no: of classes bunked will be incremented for that respective course. If the no: of bunked classes crosses a limit then the application will give notifications. The application will provide a timetable view showing the class hours user have in the week. User can check the statistics and details of the classes they bunked at any time. This application also contains a calculator, a converter, feature for setting extra-alerts, saving notes and also option for back-up and restoring the database. You can also send group messages using this application. Messages can be seen by all those who are configured to the particular server, this will be much useful for class representatives or teacher for passing an information to all students in a class.

You can watch a DEMO VIDEO of the application [here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXxfec_vvOc)